Now I want to get into some examples.
Firstly, I want to look at cool and apply it very similar to each other.
They are immediately invoked.
They just differ slightly in how you pass through arguments.
Let me show you what I mean.
So here we're going to be looking at cool.
And lot.
And it startles by airing a function.
And this is a very simple function, all it does is it adds numbers.
There's a catch.
It's console.log.
A a c that's.
The C plus this.
D, what do you think would happen here?
Remember how we've been through in previous lectures, coercion?
What's going to happen here, Wolf, that see?
That's Ed one and two.
The result is going to be in a not a no.
Why?
Because we adding a number to something that doesn't exist, this does see is what if we remove this
function just further down and we go, this takes.
It's control of the Senate.
We get a value of undefined because we haven't defined what is just doesn't make sense.
So you can't add a number an undefined is going to give you in a n great that makes sense for the moment.
So how do we use apply?
How do we use coal?
Remember what I said that you can use these mechanics to manually tell the engine what this should refer
to.
All I want to do here is let's create a new object with properties, with properties C and D, so listed
are object.
Has two properties.
And that's make that team.
Indeed, it's my between.
When we execute this function, this end one and two, we wanting to tell JavaScript that we wanted
this keyword to refer to this object.
How do we do that?
Well, let's use.
The cool method.
So how do we use the cool method?
Well, the first thing we need to do is we need to call our function.
We want to execute ED.
Now we want it executed via the call method.
And you can really see my ideas picked it up and it defines it tells you what it does.
In this instance, my saying that it calls a method of an object substituting another object for the
current object.
I know it's very witty, but all we wanting to do is we're going to call the first parameter we need
to pass in.
Here is the object.
We want this to refer to which in our cases object.
And then the next two parameters are what we have to pass into our function, which in this case is
a and b, which we suppose was one and two, and boom, it works.
That's concealed logged the number 53 to the console, which is 20 plus 10, which is CND plus one and
two.
So it works, and we can do the same thing by using.
Again, we start off by calling the function we want to execute.
Now we want to apply the apply method in the first argument is the object we want this to refer to,
which is o'bagy.
But now, instead of passing each argument via comma separated lists, we have to put it in an array.
It's the only difference.
Now we loaded out and again we get console logged up.
33.
So you can see the many ways in JavaScript to do exactly the same thing.
All is awesome.
But what about By-nd, who find is an interesting one?
It works very similar to call an apply, but it's not invoked immediately.
Instead, Biden returns a function with this bond already, and because of this find is useful when
we don't know all the arguments up front.
We only get to know them later on in our code.
Well, let me give you an example of how by-nd works and help you understand a lot better.
So let's delete all this code.
And now let me write a comment here saying using find.
Let's start off by saying we've got a user.
And this user in his account has a balance of zero.
And we wanted to find a method on this user where we can display these details and display the balance.
And this function, I just want to pass through.
I don't know the user's first name, last name and age.
And then we went to console.log to the screen with tinted literal syntax.
First name.
Last name is.
Age.
Is that how many years old and has a balance of.
This balance.
The first thing I want you to bear in mind is that within this function, call first name, last name,
age, we don't have to use of this keyword because we really have that variable available to us right
from the function.
When we come to balance, we have to use this keyword.
This is why this keyword becomes important, because this we already know we declared in an object is
going to refer to the user object.
We know that.
So it's going to be referring to this balance of, yeah, makes sense.
Great.
But let's say this user wants to top up his balance.
So let's just have another object called top top up.
Then it's.
And this tapas balance has a large balance of one hundred.
Great, so you with me so far.
Now it's access the user and just execute the show.
Function.
Two names, John.
Go and say he's aged 35.
What is console.log to the screen?
Well, it's all good, John Doe's 34s.
Is thirty five years old and has a balance of zero.
Awesome.
So so far, so good.
Images Zoom answers can fit in one screen.
There go.
But now what about if we want to use top up balance instead?
We want to do this to refer to top up villains.
Well, yes, you're probably thinking we can use cool and we can.
I'll show you how.
Remember how we use coal?
We have the access object.
We want to execute the show function, but in this instance, we want to call it referencing top up
balance is this key word.
And then again, we've got a pass in John.
And he's 35.
And it's just delete this previous call, so we don't get confused.
And there you go.
John Doe's 35 years old and a balance of 100.
Awesome.
So we've used it by the call method and this is fine if we know that his name is John is surnames.
Jones age 35 immediately.
But sometimes and remember, that's what I said.
It's awesome using the by-nd keyword when we don't always know what the arguments are going to be.
So.
How would we use Bond?
Well, remember what we said, Biden returns a function, so let's define a variable called let.
Bind user equal.
And this is how we use Bond again.
We call the use object.
We now want to execute the show function.
Now we want to use Bine and we want to bind top up balance.
So let's delete this call.
We don't get confused.
Great.
Now you can imagine you can do extra function calls, you can do a lot more code here, so more code
here, you can do more things code here.
And maybe only then do we have the user name and his age.
So what we can easily do now is we can call the bond user, but we can post and John, we can pass in
though.
And we can pass in his age of 35.
And Uche Shaka Laka, we have done as John Doe is 35 years old and he has a balance of 100.
And this is why buy-in is useful.
It gives us more flexibility.
I hope this section has been really informative and fun.